LSX v2 moment (#41)
R2Northstar/NorthstarWiki: docs/installing-northstar/troubleshooting.md

    - [If you can't open the console](#i-cant-open-the-console)
2. Adding `-vanilla` to your launch options
    - [How to add launch options](#adding-launch-options)

## Authentication Failed when clicking Launch Northstar

> Before trying this check out [this](#failed-to-initialize-origin-origin-core-seems-to-be-running-but-the-lsx-authentication-challenge-fai)\
> If that didn't work DM me on discord (Petar#0389) and tell me if it did or didn't work.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before trying this check out [this section](#failed-to-initialize-origin-origin-core-seems-to-be-running-but-the-lsx-authentication-challenge-fai).\
If that didn't work DM `Petar#0389` on Discord and tell him if it did or did not work.\
```
